{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab360{\fonttbl
{\f0\fswiss MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fcharset1 Arial;}
{\f3\fswiss\fcharset1 MS Sans Serif;}
}
{\colortbl
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
}
{\pard\plain\f0\fs20
{\up #}{\footnote {\up #}Contents}
{\up $}{\footnote {\up $}Contents}
}
\deflang1033\pard\keepn\qc\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\plain\f2\fs40\cf1\b Contents
\par \plain\f0\fs20\cf0
\deflang1033\pard\plain\f2\fs24\cf0 
\par 
\par \pard\qc\plain\f2\fs32\cf0\b MultiDesk 2001 Freeware\plain\f2\fs24\cf0 
\par \pard\plain\f2\fs24\cf0 
\par 
\par 
\par \pard\qc\plain\f2\fs32\cf0 {\uldb About MultiDesk 2001}{\v Welcometopic1>Main}
\par {\uldb How To Use Multidesk 2001}{\v Secondtopic2>Main}
\par {\uldb Advanced Multidesk}{\v advanced>Main}
\par {\uldb DISCLAIMER}{\v DISCLAIMER>Main}
\par 
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs8\cf0 
\par 
\par\pard

{\page}

{\pard\plain\f0\fs20
{\up #}{\footnote {\up #}Welcometopic1}
{\up $}{\footnote {\up $}About MultiDesk 2001}
}
\deflang1033\pard\keepn\qc\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\plain\f2\fs40\cf1\b About MultiDesk 2001\plain\f2\fs28\cf1\b 
\par \plain\f0\fs20\cf0
\deflang1033\pard\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 \tab \plain\f2\fs24\cf0 MultiDesk 2001 is a freeware program that allows you to have multiple desktops open.  You can switch between desktops that have different applications associated with them.  Each desktop has a clean taskbar to start.  Multidesk 2001 handles 8 seperate desktops and was written in C.
\par 
\par \tab MultiDesk 2001 is a new project and is independent of the original Multidesk/Multidesk 2k line. Multidesk 2001 was written from scratch in C.  Multidesk 2001 has a sychronous engine, so it is faster than Multidesk 2k and it has all the same features as Multidesk 2k.  The source
was re-written from scratch to totally seperate the UI from the engine.  With a donation of $15
you can obtain a copy of the entire multidesk line of software for personal use.  This could allow you to customize Multidesk for your own use. Email multidesk@opferman.com for more information. 
\par
\par \tab Programmed By Toby Opferman (_Secret/Scrat)
\par \tab Visit: http://www.opferman.com
\par \tab Developers: http://www.opferman.net
\par
\par \plain\f2\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf0 
\par 
\par 
\par\pard

{\page}

{\pard\plain\f0\fs20
{\up #}{\footnote {\up #}Secondtopic2}
{\up $}{\footnote {\up $}How To Use}
}
\deflang1033\pard\keepn\qc\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\plain\f2\fs40\cf1\b How To Use\plain\f2\fs28\cf1\b 
\par \plain\f0\fs20\cf0
\deflang1033\pard\plain\f2\fs24\cf0 \tab MultiDesk 2001 (alpha) is very easy to use.  You left click on the ICON in the Systray to switch desktops. Select EXIT from the Systray Menu to exit.  You can also use the hotkeys ALT + CONTROL + Left or Right arrow key to move between desktops! That's all there is to it! 
\par \tab Other Multidesk 2001 Features are "Safe Mode" and "Universal Windows".  "Safe Mode" feature is listed in the MultiDesk systray menu.  "Safe Mode" enables a more "Safe" way to switch between desktops.  "Safe Mode" protects you from hung applications.  In the original MultiDesk, it would lock up on a hung application.   Or if you consider an application to be slow or unsafe, you may use this feature.  I wouldn't switch desktops too fast when in safe mode, applications may leak to other desktops due to the manner in which desktops are switched.
\par \tab The other new feature, "Universal Windows".  This feature allows a window to be seen on all desktops.  Click on the app so that it's got the keyboard focus, and hit "CONTROL + ALT + UP" and it will now be on all desktops.  You can have as many apps like this that you want.  This can also be used to move applications from desktop to desktop.  Just use "CONTROL + ALT + DOWN ARROW"  when the window is in focus, and you've now dropped that window off onto that desktop.  It's that simple!
\par 
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs8\cf0 
\par 
\par 
\par\pard


{\page}

{\pard\plain\f0\fs20
{\up #}{\footnote {\up #}advanced}
{\up $}{\footnote {\up $}Advanced Features of Multidesk 2001}
}
\deflang1033\pard\keepn\qc\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\plain\f2\fs40\cf1\b Advanced Features of Multidesk 2001\plain\f2\fs28\cf1\b 
\par \plain\f0\fs20\cf0
\deflang1033\pard\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 \tab \plain\f2\fs24\cf0 These are advanced features of
multidesk 2001.  First, to start multidesk in safemode automatically from the command line, just
run "md2001 -safemode".
\par 
\par \tab There are Registry Keys and values which can now be created and set for Multidesk 2001. These registry keys are:
\par Key: SOFTWARE\\OPFERMAN\\MDESK
\par Value: SafeModeEnable:DWORD
\par Description: Set this value to anything other than 0 and SafeMode will be set by default every time multidesk 2001 is launched. These keys are all under HKEY_CURRENT_USER so each user on the machine can set it up the way they want.  They are also under HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE.  Multidesk will check Current User First, if it does not exist, then it checks Local Machine.  If both don't exist, it uses the defaults.  This way you can configure for the whole machine and each user can still configure for himself.
\par
\par Key: SOFTWARE\\OPFERMAN\\MDESK\\HOTKEYS\\UNIVERSAL
\par Value: UniversalWindowAdditionModifier:DWORD
\par Description: Sets the modifier keys for Adding Universal Windows. Default value is Control + ALT
\par
\par Value: UniversalWindowAdditionKey:DWORD
\par Description: Sets the key for adding universal windows.  Default value is UP Arrow.
\par
\par Value: UniversalWindowSubtractModifier:DWORD
\par Description: Sets the modifier keys for Removing Universal Windows. Default value is Control + ALT
\par
\par Value: UniversalWindowSubtractKey:DWORD
\par Description: Sets the key for removing universal windows.  Default value is DOWN Arrow.
\par
\par Key: SOFTWARE\\OPFERMAN\\MDESK\\HOTKEYS\\SWITCHDESKTOP
\par Value: SwitchDesktopUpModifier:DWORD
\par Description: Sets the modifier keys for Moving Forward in desktops. Default value is Control + ALT
\par
\par Value: SwitchDesktopUpKey:DWORD
\par Description: Sets the key for Moving Forward in desktops.  Default value is Right Arrow.
\par
\par Value: SwitchDesktopDownModifier:DWORD
\par Description: Sets the modifier keys for moving backwards in desktops. Default value is Control + ALT
\par
\par Value: SwitchDesktopDownKey:DWORD
\par Description: Sets the key for Moving Backward in desktops.  Default value is left Arrow.
\par
\par
The modification values can be a combination of any of these values:
\par MOD_ALT         0x0001
\par MOD_CONTROL     0x0002
\par MOD_SHIFT       0x0004
\par MOD_WIN         0x0008
\par
\par
Programmers, look in WINUSER.H to find these values. The keys themselves can only be 1 key.  Any one of the VK_???? keys, for example.
\par VK_LEFT           0x25
\par VK_UP             0x26
\par VK_RIGHT          0x27
\par VK_DOWN           0x28
\par 
Are the values for the arrow keys.  You can either look in WINUSER.H for the MOD_?? and VK_?? values so you can set your hot keys the way you want.  Remeber, the MODIFIER values can be
a combination of keys, however, the key itself can only be 1 key. You can also search google.com
for these values by searching on VK_LEFT and MOD_ALT you may be able to get some hits. Or search on Virtual Key Windows Values or something.
\par 
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs8\cf0 
\par 
\par 
\par\pard


{\page}

{\pard\plain\f0\fs20
{\up #}{\footnote {\up #}DISCLAIMER}
{\up $}{\footnote {\up $}DISCLAIMER}
}
\deflang1033\pard\keepn\qc\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\plain\f2\fs40\cf1\b DISCLAIMER\plain\f2\fs28\cf1\b 
\par \plain\f0\fs20\cf0
\deflang1033\pard\plain\f2\fs20\cf0  \tab \plain\f2\fs32\cf0 This program is freeware and there are no warrenties implied or within.  I am not responsible for any catistropic ressults from using this software. Should anything happen to your computer whether this software is the cause or not, while running or not running this software, I am not responsible. If this software is on a disk in your car and you have a car accident, I am not responsible.  Infact if you kill yourself from using this software, I am not respnosible.   If you don't agree that I am NOT RESPONSIBLE for any use of this product business or personal, then don't use it.
\par 
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs8\cf0 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par\pard
}
