{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab360{\fonttbl
{\f0\fswiss MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fcharset1 Arial;}
{\f3\fswiss\fcharset1 MS Sans Serif;}
}
{\colortbl
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
}
{\pard\plain\f0\fs20
{\up #}{\footnote {\up #}Contents}
{\up $}{\footnote {\up $}Contents}
}
\deflang1033\pard\keepn\qc\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\plain\f2\fs40\cf1\b Contents
\par \plain\f0\fs20\cf0
\deflang1033\pard\plain\f2\fs24\cf0 
\par 
\par \pard\qc\plain\f2\fs32\cf0\b MultiDesk 2000 Freeware\plain\f2\fs24\cf0 
\par \pard\plain\f2\fs24\cf0 
\par 
\par 
\par \pard\qc\plain\f2\fs32\cf0 {\uldb About MultiDesk 2K}{\v Welcometopic1>Main}
\par {\uldb How To Use Multidesk 2K}{\v Secondtopic2>Main}
\par {\uldb DISCLAIMER}{\v DISCLAIMER>Main}
\par 
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs8\cf0 
\par 
\par\pard

{\page}

{\pard\plain\f0\fs20
{\up #}{\footnote {\up #}Welcometopic1}
{\up $}{\footnote {\up $}About MultiDesk 2K}
}
\deflang1033\pard\keepn\qc\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\plain\f2\fs40\cf1\b About MultiDesk 2000\plain\f2\fs28\cf1\b 
\par \plain\f0\fs20\cf0
\deflang1033\pard\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 \tab \plain\f2\fs24\cf0 MultiDesk 2000 is a freeware program that allows you to have multiple desktops open.  You can switch between desktops that have different applications associated with them.  Each desktop has a clean taskbar to start.  Multidesk 2k handles 4 seperate desktops and was written in C.
\par 
\par \tab MultiDesk 2K is a new project and is independent of the original Multidesk line. One of the first differences is that Multidesk 2K was written from scratch in C.  The engine for MultiDesk 2k is completely different from the original MultiDesk.  You may notice it being a little slower, or seem to be.  This is not due to the difference between C and Assembly, this is due to the new engine MultiDesk 2k uses.  The original Mutlidesk uses a sychronous engine.  MultiDesk 2k is Asychronous. The same features from MultiDesk v1.2 are in Multidesk 2k. The AboutBox will time out after 2 seconds, so you don't have to hit OK.  The systray ICON will switch to a number of the desktop that is currently active.  And, the RIGHT CLICK no longer exits multidesk.  There is now an EXIT option in the systray menu.
\par \tab New features for MultiDesk 2K are "Safe Mode" and "Universal Applications".  Which means the ability to move applications from desktop to desktop!  Or keep applications on all desktops!
\par
\par \tab Programmed By Toby Opferman (_Secret/Scrat)
\par \tab Visit: http://www.opferman.com
\par \tab Developers: http://www.opferman.net
\par
\par \plain\f2\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf0 
\par 
\par 
\par\pard

{\page}

{\pard\plain\f0\fs20
{\up #}{\footnote {\up #}Secondtopic2}
{\up $}{\footnote {\up $}How To Use}
}
\deflang1033\pard\keepn\qc\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\plain\f2\fs40\cf1\b How To Use\plain\f2\fs28\cf1\b 
\par \plain\f0\fs20\cf0
\deflang1033\pard\plain\f2\fs24\cf0 \tab MultiDesk 2000 (alpha) is very easy to use.  You left click on the ICON in the Systray to switch desktops. Select EXIT from the Systray Menu to exit.  You can also use the hotkeys ALT + CONTROL + Left or Right arrow key to move between desktops! That's all there is to it! 
\par \tab New features for MultiDesk 2K are "Safe Mode" and "Universal Applications".  "Safe Mode" feature is listed in the MultiDesk systray menu.  "Safe Mode" enables a more "Safe" way to switch between desktops.  "Safe Mode" protects you from hung applications.  In the original MultiDesk, it would lock up on a hung application.   Or if you consider an application to be slow or unsafe, you may use this feature.  I wouldn't switch desktops too fast when in safe mode, applications may leak to other desktops due to the manner in which desktops are switched.
\par \tab The other new feature, "Universal Applications".  This feature allows an application to be seen on all desktops.  Click on the app so that it's got the keyboard focus, and hit "CONTROL + ALT + UP" and it will now be on all desktops.  You can have as many apps like this that you want.  This can also be used to move applications from desktop to desktop.  Just use "CONTROL + ALT + DOWN ARROW"  when the application is in focus, and you've now dropped that application off onto that desktop.  It's that simple!
\par 
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs8\cf0 
\par 
\par 
\par\pard


{\page}

{\pard\plain\f0\fs20
{\up #}{\footnote {\up #}DISCLAIMER}
{\up $}{\footnote {\up $}DISCLAIMER}
}
\deflang1033\pard\keepn\qc\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\plain\f2\fs40\cf1\b DISCLAIMER\plain\f2\fs28\cf1\b 
\par \plain\f0\fs20\cf0
\deflang1033\pard\plain\f2\fs20\cf0  \tab \plain\f2\fs32\cf0 This program is freeware and there are no warrenties implied or within.  I am not responsible for any catistropic ressults from using this software. Should anything happen to your computer whether this software is the cause or not, while running or not running this software, I am not responsible. If this software is on a disk in your car and you have a car accident, I am not responsible.  Infact if you kill yourself from using this software, I am not respnosible.   If you don't agree that I am NOT RESPONSIBLE for any use of this product business or personal, then don't use it.
\par 
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs8\cf0 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par\pard
}
