{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab360{\fonttbl
{\f0\fswiss MS Sans Serif;}
{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f2\fswiss\fcharset1 Arial;}
{\f3\fswiss\fcharset1 MS Sans Serif;}
}
{\colortbl
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
}
{\pard\plain\f0\fs20
{\up #}{\footnote {\up #}Contents}
{\up $}{\footnote {\up $}Contents}
}
\deflang1033\pard\keepn\qc\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\plain\f2\fs40\cf1\b Contents
\par \plain\f0\fs20\cf0
\deflang1033\pard\plain\f2\fs24\cf0 
\par 
\par \pard\qc\plain\f2\fs32\cf0\b MultiDesk v1.0a Freeware\plain\f2\fs24\cf0 
\par \pard\plain\f2\fs24\cf0 
\par 
\par 
\par \pard\qc\plain\f2\fs32\cf0 {\uldb About MultiDesk}{\v Welcometopic1>Main}
\par {\uldb How To Use Multidesk}{\v Secondtopic2>Main}
\par {\uldb CONSULTING INFORMATION}{\v Overview4>Main}
\par {\uldb DISCLAIMER}{\v DISCLAIMER>Main}
\par 
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs8\cf0 
\par 
\par\pard

{\page}

{\pard\plain\f0\fs20
{\up #}{\footnote {\up #}Welcometopic1}
{\up $}{\footnote {\up $}About MultiDesk v1.0a}
}
\deflang1033\pard\keepn\qc\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\plain\f2\fs40\cf1\b About MultiDesk v1.0a\plain\f2\fs28\cf1\b 
\par \plain\f0\fs20\cf0
\deflang1033\pard\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 \tab \plain\f2\fs24\cf0 MultiDesk v1.0a is a freeware program that allows you to have multiple desktops open.  You can switch between desktops that have different applications associated with them.  Each desktop has a clean taskbar to start.  Multidesk handles 4 seperate desktops and was written in Assembly.
\par 
\par \tab Multidesk 2.0a is in the works.  One of the new features to be added is able to associate programs with multiple desktops.
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf0 
\par 
\par 
\par\pard

{\page}

{\pard\plain\f0\fs20
{\up #}{\footnote {\up #}Secondtopic2}
{\up $}{\footnote {\up $}How To Use}
}
\deflang1033\pard\keepn\qc\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\plain\f2\fs40\cf1\b How To Use\plain\f2\fs28\cf1\b 
\par \plain\f0\fs20\cf0
\deflang1033\pard\plain\f2\fs24\cf0 \tab MultiDesk v1.0a (alpha) is very easy to use.  You left click on the ICON in the Systray to switch desktops.  Right click to quit the program!  You can also use the hotkeys ALT + CONTROL + Left or Right arrow key to move between desktops! That's all there is to it!
\par 
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs8\cf0 
\par 
\par 
\par\pard

{\page}

{\pard\plain\f0\fs20
{\up #}{\footnote {\up #}Overview4}
{\up $}{\footnote {\up $}Consulting Information}
}
\deflang1033\pard\keepn\qc\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\plain\f2\fs40\cf1\b Consulting Information\plain\f2\fs28\cf1\b 
\par \plain\f0\fs20\cf0
\deflang1033\pard\plain\f2\fs24\cf0 \tab I can no longer do Contract programming as I work for a major software company and I signed an agreement not to.
\par 
\par
\par 
\par 
\par For further information email: toby@opferman.com
\par Or visit:  http://www.opferman.com
\par   Resume:  http://www.opferman.com/Resume
\par
\par MultiDesk v1.0a is Copyright 1999
\par Written by Toby Opferman
\par _Secret
\par 
\par 
\par\pard

{\page}

{\pard\plain\f0\fs20
{\up #}{\footnote {\up #}DISCLAIMER}
{\up $}{\footnote {\up $}DISCLAIMER}
}
\deflang1033\pard\keepn\qc\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\plain\f2\fs40\cf1\b DISCLAIMER\plain\f2\fs28\cf1\b 
\par \plain\f0\fs20\cf0
\deflang1033\pard\plain\f2\fs20\cf0  \tab \plain\f2\fs32\cf0 This program is freeware and there are no warrenties implied or within.  I am not responsible for any catistropic ressults from using this software. Should anything happen to your computer whether this software is the cause or not, while running or not running this software, I am not responsible. If this software is on a disk in your car and you have a car accident, I am not responsible.  Infact if you kill yourself from using this software, I am not respnosible.   If you don't agree that I am NOT RESPONSIBLE for any use of this product business or personal, then don't use it.
\par 
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs8\cf0 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par\pard
}
